packages/create-snowpack-app/README.md, before:

# Create Snowpack App (CSA)

```
npx create-snowpack-app new-dir --template @snowpack/app-template-NAME [--use-yarn]
```

## Official App Templates

- [@snowpack/app-template-blank](/templates/app-template-blank)
- [@snowpack/app-template-11ty](/templates/app-template-11ty)
- [@snowpack/app-template-lit-element-typescript](/templates/app-template-lit-element-typescript)
- [@snowpack/app-template-lit-element](/templates/app-template-lit-element)
- [@snowpack/app-template-preact](/templates/app-template-preact)
- [@snowpack/app-template-react-typescript](/templates/app-template-react-typescript)
- [@snowpack/app-template-react](/templates/app-template-react)
- [@snowpack/app-template-svelte](/templates/app-template-svelte)
- [@snowpack/app-template-vue](/templates/app-template-vue)

### Featured Community Templates

- [snowpack-template-preset-env](https://github.com/argyleink/snowpack-template-preset-env) (PostCSS + Babel)
- [11st-Starter-Kit](https://github.com/stefanfrede/11st-starter-kit) (11ty +
  Snowpack + tailwindcss)
- [app-template-reason-react](https://github.com/jihchi/app-template-reason-react) (ReasonML (BuckleScript) & reason-react on top of [@snowpack/app-template-react](/templates/app-template-react))
- PRs that add a link to this list are welcome!

## Official Snowpack Plugins

### Dev Environment

- [@snowpack/plugin-dotenv](/packages/plugin-dotenv)

### Build

- [@snowpack/plugin-babel](/packages/plugin-babel)
- [@snowpack/plugin-svelte](/packages/plugin-svelte)
- [@snowpack/plugin-vue](/packages/plugin-vue)

### Transform

- [@snowpack/plugin-react-refresh](/packages/plugin-react-refresh)

### Bundle

- [@snowpack/plugin-parcel](/packages/plugin-parcel)
- [@snowpack/plugin-webpack](/packages/plugin-webpack)

### Featured Community Plugins

- [@prefresh/snowpack](https://github.com/JoviDeCroock/prefresh)
- PRs that add a link to this list are welcome!

Commit message:

add snowpack-plugin-import-map plugin (#124)

packages/create-snowpack-app/README.md, after:

# Create Snowpack App (CSA)

```
npx create-snowpack-app new-dir --template @snowpack/app-template-NAME [--use-yarn]
```

## Official App Templates

- [@snowpack/app-template-blank](/templates/app-template-blank)
- [@snowpack/app-template-11ty](/templates/app-template-11ty)
- [@snowpack/app-template-lit-element-typescript](/templates/app-template-lit-element-typescript)
- [@snowpack/app-template-lit-element](/templates/app-template-lit-element)
- [@snowpack/app-template-preact](/templates/app-template-preact)
- [@snowpack/app-template-react-typescript](/templates/app-template-react-typescript)
- [@snowpack/app-template-react](/templates/app-template-react)
- [@snowpack/app-template-svelte](/templates/app-template-svelte)
- [@snowpack/app-template-vue](/templates/app-template-vue)

### Featured Community Templates

- [snowpack-template-preset-env](https://github.com/argyleink/snowpack-template-preset-env) (PostCSS + Babel)
- [11st-Starter-Kit](https://github.com/stefanfrede/11st-starter-kit) (11ty +
  Snowpack + tailwindcss)
- [app-template-reason-react](https://github.com/jihchi/app-template-reason-react) (ReasonML (BuckleScript) & reason-react on top of [@snowpack/app-template-react](/templates/app-template-react))
- PRs that add a link to this list are welcome!

## Official Snowpack Plugins

### Dev Environment

- [@snowpack/plugin-dotenv](/packages/plugin-dotenv)

### Build

- [@snowpack/plugin-babel](/packages/plugin-babel)
- [@snowpack/plugin-svelte](/packages/plugin-svelte)
- [@snowpack/plugin-vue](/packages/plugin-vue)

### Transform

- [@snowpack/plugin-react-refresh](/packages/plugin-react-refresh)

### Bundle

- [@snowpack/plugin-parcel](/packages/plugin-parcel)
- [@snowpack/plugin-webpack](/packages/plugin-webpack)

### Featured Community Plugins

- [@prefresh/snowpack](https://github.com/JoviDeCroock/prefresh)
- [snowpack-plugin-import-map](https://github.com/zhoukekestar/snowpack-plugin-import-map) A more easy way to map your imports to Pika CDN instead of [import-maps.json](https://github.com/WICG/import-maps).
- PRs that add a link to this list are welcome!
